I want to start with Joe Biden did have
days to prepare for his interview about
Tara Reid he denied the allegations and
urged the National Archives to release
any alleged complaint from Tara Reid
but the archives said they are not
responsible for records like that Biden
now says in a formal letter that he was
mistaken that it was at the archives and
asked the Secretary of the Senate for
help mm-hmm
Joe Biden has been very clear Martha
that this did not happen
he was forceful in that and he's been
equally clear that when women come
forward with complaints of this nature
they should be taken seriously their
complaints should be investigated they
should be treated with dignity and he's
done exactly that he called for the
Senate to release any documents they
have she indicated that she filed a
complaint Joe Biden wants that complaint
released he is an open book he
understands that it's important for the
information to get out right there Biden
also says he will not release documents
from his years in the Senate now at the
University of Delaware because they
don't contain personnel manners and kind
of brushed aside suggestions that a
search should be done of just Tara
Reid's name in those documents the New
York Times editorial board called
through the DNC to convene an unbiased
apolitical panel to review portions of
Biden's papers saying his word is
insufficient to dispel the cloud your
communications director has called that
idea absurd why well listen there's been
so many investigations of this of the
vice president the most the most
comprehensive investigation of the vice
president was when he was vetted by
Barack Obama in 2008 I'm very familiar
with vice presidential vetting process
they look at everything about you they
looked at the entire history of Joe
Biden his entire career and I'll tell
you if Barack Obama had any indication
that this there was an issue Barack
Obama would not have had him as his vice
president Barack Obama trusted Joe Biden
I trust Joe Biden and those
investigations have been done now let's
talk about Delaware for a moment
the University of Delaware and any
university that takes somebody's
documents they're taking their policy
documents they're taking their speeches
they're not taking their personnel
records and in fact why not just search
Tara Reid in those documents this is
like the Hillary emails because there
was nothing there and the reason is if
I'm going I worked I worked on the
Senate Judiciary Committee in 1995 the
ranking member was Joe Biden if you want
I wasn't working for Joe Biden I was
working for Senator Kennedy if you want
to see my personnel records you don't go
to the Kennedy Institute
that's not where they go and so when you
ask the University of Delaware to take a
look at something you're asking them to
look for something that doesn't exist
and the fact of the matter is that the
President of the United States the
former President Barack Obama conducted
an exhaustive search and that was 2008
book I I want to move on and I want to
move on to the campaign and how you
campaign president Trump has said he
wants to go out and do some massive
rallies over the next few months will
Joe Biden go out on the campaign trail
again
we're going to make sure we do
everything in a safe and intelligent
manner we have changed our tactics we
have been out in the field digitally we
have our digital clipboards out we want
a very important race recently in
Wisconsin because we out hustled the
other side we we have been texting
millions of people we've been out there
digitally organizing we've trained 7,000
digital organizers at the DNC in the
last six weeks when the situation clears
we will be out but we are not going to
put voters in harm's way we know we
won't do that until it is appropriate to
do so but in the meantime we are
actively hiring our battleground
build-up continues I am so excited about
this vice-president this election Martha
is about trust who can you trust to dig
us out of this mess this president has
been chronically inept at handling this
coronavirus we have less than five
percent of the world's population we
have one third of the world's
coronavirus cases and 25% of the world's
deaths from coronavirus his inattention
his ineptitude he needs to be the
commander in chief not the tweeter in
chief he needed to understand that the
buck stops with him and that's what
we're gonna talk about in this campaign
and mr. ability is gonna talk about
leadership mr. Pres just just quickly do
you still expect to hold an in-person
convention we do and we're not going to
put our public health head in the sand
but I'm optimistic that we can do so
because we've put it off for five weeks
we're working with all of the public
health experts state federal local and
I'm excited about Milwaukee I'm excited
about Wisconsin I'm excited about this
election and I'm excited about making
sure that Joe Biden has an opportunity
to show what he's fighting for this is
an election about trust who can you
trust to dig us out of this horrible
economic mess 30 million people losing
their jobs in the last six weeks in no
small measure because of the ineptitude
of this president this is mr. parez I'm
going to have to stop you there people
trust Joe Biden okay thank you very much
for joining us this morning thank you so
much and miss McDaniel
hi everyone George Stephanopoulos here
thanks for checking out the ABC News
youtube channel if you'd like to get
more video show highlights and watch
live event coverage click on the right
over here to subscribe to our Channel
and don't forget to download the ABC
News app for breaking news alerts thanks
for watching